see you don't believe me you're going to
think I'm blind rocks Joe powers of rock
crashing down and then growing up again
yeah yeah
perhaps a part of the process is the
absorption of silica taking it right out
of whatever it comes in contact with
like human beings
just like been their bodies a turn to
start what was this amazing power that
could turn people into stone that could
suddenly turn inanimate rocks gnomes
monoliths into growing spreading
expanding monsters threatening to engulf
whole towns and cities two very old
civilization under an immensity of wait
beyond all calculation the natural slope
of the valley floor is bringing them
right down here and once they break
through to the other side of the
mountains there'll be no stopping them
ever look are we asking you to do it
save her life I can't cope with
something I don't even understand ready